growing up under apartheid then a life
built on lies and indifference but
unless we
privileged white lives and did something
our words were meaningless you are
sentenced to prison for 12 years
[Music]
we are prisoners of conscience or were
prisoners of war so they've been
attempts some go a little something
little more but no one go out always a
first time you need to get out of here
everybody comes in here like I'm gonna
break out of here by next week if you're
having a plan I join you
we've got something we make keys from
wood doctor crazy search watch comes
every and should be or wars with guns is
nothing they'd lot more dirt upon holes
into you there is something and I would
find
[Music]
you're a bad dad again
why won't you come
[Music]
they've got luck we can make a key file
get 25 years if you're lucky
hold it ahead of you
[Music]
we're not running away with strike one
this is how we fight
Oh
what is this
[Music]